samples: crypto: improve psa_tls documentation (#18374)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/crypto/psa_tls/README.rst

           openssl s_client -connect 192.0.2.1:4243 -cipher ECDHE-ECDSA-AES128-SHA256 -CAfile certs/ecdsa/root_cert.pem

         .. note::

>             If the sample has been built with the DTLS overlay, add the ``-dtls`` option to the ``openssl`` command.

Reviewer: Maybe add the code block showing the exact command, like it is done in other cases here.

Author: Added the code block

Reviewer 2: The problem with the code block it is that it can be added both with EDCHE and RSA, but only EDCHE has an example of it's usage in here.

Reviewer: If you have time, you could fix the code blocks so it's done for both? Otherwise, a JIRA can be created to fix RSA code blocks post NCS 2.8.0 release :)

Reviewer 2: I think that it just gets out of hand very fast if we add every parameter combination as a separate code block. The information kind of gets buried unless you use tabs to hide non-relevant information.

Author: I agree with Markus. What if I add new tabs for DTLS?

Reviewer: Let's try and see how that looks then :)

      #. Check in the terminal emulator that 21 bytes were successfully received and returned.

   .. tab:: Client test

      1. Start a terminal emulator like nRF Connect Serial Terminal and connect to the used serial port with the standard UART settings.
         See :ref:`test_and_optimize` for more information.
      #. Observe the logs from the application using the terminal emulator.
      #. Start the ``eth_rtt_link`` executable as a superuser with your development kit's SEGGER ID and the following IPv4 address as parameters:

         .. code-block:: console

           sudo ./eth_rtt_link --snr 960010000 --ipv4 192.0.2.1

>       #. Use ``openssl`` to start server, which waits for `client` connection and handshake operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      #. Use ``openssl`` to start the server, which waits for the `client` connection and handshake operation.
```

           openssl s_server -accept 4243 -cipher ECDHE-ECDSA-AES128-SHA256 -cert certs/ecdsa/cert.pem -key certs/ecdsa/cert.key

         .. note::

>             If the sample has been built with the DTLS overlay, add the ``-dtls`` option to the ``openssl`` command.

Reviewer: Same here.

Author: Added the code block

         For visualizing a list of the available cipher suites for openssl, use the following command:

         .. code-block:: console

           openssl ciphers

      #. Type ``Nordic Semiconductor`` into the ``openssl`` connection session to send ``Nordic Semiconductor`` as an encrypted message to the server.
      #. Check that the TLS sample returns ``Nordic Semiconductor`` in the ``openssl`` session.
      #. Check in the terminal emulator that 21 bytes were successfully received and returned.

   .. tab:: DTLS client test

      Use ``dtls.conf`` overlay when building the sample to enable DTLS support.

      1. Start a terminal emulator like nRF Connect Serial Terminal and connect to the used serial port with the standard UART settings.
         See :ref:`test_and_optimize` for more information.
      #. Observe the logs from the application using the terminal emulator.
      #. Start the ``eth_rtt_link`` executable as a superuser with your development kit's SEGGER ID and the following IPv4 address as parameters:

         .. code-block:: console

           sudo ./eth_rtt_link --snr 960010000 --ipv4 192.0.2.1

>       #. Use ``openssl`` to start server, which waits for `client` connection and handshake operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      #. Use ``openssl`` to start the server, which waits for the `client` connection and handshake operation.
```

         For visualizing a list of the available cipher suites for openssl, use the following command:

         .. code-block:: console

           openssl ciphers

      #. Type ``Nordic Semiconductor`` into the ``openssl`` connection session to send ``Nordic Semiconductor`` as an encrypted message to the server.
      #. Check that the TLS sample returns ``Nordic Semiconductor`` in the ``openssl`` session.
      #. Check in the terminal emulator that 21 bytes were successfully received and returned.

   .. tab:: Test the sample as a DTLS client

      Use ``dtls.conf`` overlay when building the sample to enable DTLS support.

      1. Start a terminal emulator like nRF Connect Serial Terminal and connect to the used serial port with the standard UART settings.
         See :ref:`test_and_optimize` for more information.
      #. Observe the logs from the application using the terminal emulator.
      #. Start the ``eth_rtt_link`` executable as a superuser with your development kit's SEGGER ID and the following IPv4 address as parameters:

         .. code-block:: console

           sudo ./eth_rtt_link --snr 960010000 --ipv4 192.0.2.1

>       #. Use ``openssl`` to perform the `client` connection and handshake operation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      #. Use ``openssl`` to start DTLS server, which waits for `client` connection and handshake operation.
```

>       #. Use ``openssl`` to perform the `client` connection and handshake operation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      #. Use ``openssl`` to start DTLS server, which waits for `client` connection and handshake operation.
```

         .. code-block:: console

           openssl s_server -dtls -accept 4243 -cipher ECDHE-ECDSA-AES128-SHA256 -cert certs/ecdsa/cert.pem -key certs/ecdsa/cert.key

         .. note::

            If the sample has been built with an RSA certificate, use this ``openssl`` command:

            .. code-block:: console

               openssl s_server -dtls -accept 4243 -cipher AES128-SHA256 -cert certs/rsa/cert.pem -key certs/rsa/cert.key

         For visualizing a list of the available cipher suites for openssl, use the following command:

         .. code-block:: console

           openssl ciphers

>       #. Type ``Nordic Semiconductor`` into the ``openssl`` connection session to send the string ``Nordic Semiconductor`` as an encrypted message to the server.

Reviewer 2: In this case the openssl is the server, so this should illustrate that.

Reviewer 2: Same issue with the TLS server.
